# Qualitative-Assignment-Creating-a-Video-Game-for-HPV-Education

The general topics of research that the interview sought to answer include those on games, game consoles, enjoyment in games, character customization in games, HPV, HPV vaccine, and health education. These topics can be seen throughout the interview from the questions related to HPV and games.

Purpose of the Interview
	The purpose of this interview was to understand what aspects of gaming people like to try to add these aspects to a game that will educate people on health. This is understood from the interviewer’s statement saying, “Games for health is this new field that is coming up in health education and a lot of researchers including myself are working on how we use games and video games and whether a game on a console, PC or mobile game, to kind of improve or to push people towards adapting a healthier lifestyle.” This statement also reveals the researchers plan on how the data collected will be used. The researchers seem to plan on using the collected data to understand whether a game would work to educate individuals on HPV. They will use the answers on what consoles are used most to know what format for a game would best work. The information on character customization and what individuals enjoy in a game will go into what would be included in the game to obtain players.

Assessing the Interview
	This interviewer asked many relevant questions to understand what would be best to include in a game that educates individuals on HPV and how to go about doing this. The participants shared that this kind of information would either need to be embedded as a part of a story already in a popular video game or as a game that is used in schools as an alternative to lectures. Suggestions were received from participants on how to embed this knowledge into games. The interviewer also asked the participants about what they thought the benefits and challenges would be for an HPV video game. 

Interview Questions
All these topics for the conversation led to crucial information on how to go about creating this type of education formatted into a game. I believe that the interviewer could have asked a few more questions to capture even more information that could be used to plan out this game creation. The interviewer discussed character customization with the participants but did not ask specifically, ‘How could we make a game like this more personally immersive?”. Some individuals said that they enjoy making a character that they see themselves in and some enjoy making a character that is unlike themselves, so I believe this is an important question. Many participants brought up the need to make this game online so that the character customization is more to show others, but they did not delve into the question of having a competitive or a collaborative game. If this is a game that could be played online with others, then it would be played either in a competitive or collaborative manner. If the game is being played with others, then the topic of anonymity should also be addressed. This is especially important if HPV is more prevalent in the game as this is a sensitive topic. Lastly, at the end of the interview the interviewer asked about creating a sexual profile in the game. I think this is an important question on whether this would be uncomfortable for people and make them not want to play the game. The transcript ended without this question really being answered.

Strengths and Weaknesses of Interviewer
	The interviewer engaged in a light manner with the participants which was needed when talking about a sensitive subject, such as HPV. The interviewer also did well in summarizing what was talked about at multiple different points throughout the interview. After summarizing the interviewer asked if there was anything else to add which was a positive way of opening the conversation again for people to give more information and/or correct them in the summary. Though there were strengths for the interviewer there were also some weaknesses. The interviewer could have improved upon the formatting of their questions. The interviewer started out the session with a closed question that addresses the group answer and not the individual answers. They then did well to open the questions and had each participant answer but many times they asked multiple questions within one period of time, such as what they know and do not know about HPV. This can be a disadvantage as then participants may not answer all the questions. 

Analysis and Discussion 

Themes
The most discussed themes that emerged as part of the analysis included game characteristics, HPV virus and vaccine knowledge, health related game, gaming platforms, and character customization. Evidence of each theme can be seen from quotes that are related to the themes/subthemes (see Table 1). These themes showed up in the codes and then in the word clouds that were created to analyze the information.

Results
To start analyzing the data, from within the script, a chart was made that shows the number of coding references that have been coded to a specific theme (see figure 1). This figure reveals that the most coding references were coded to ‘Additional Features and Characteristics to consider for HPV Vaccine Game’. The participants in the interview referenced approximately 24 features and characteristics that the researchers should consider when creating the HPV Vaccine Game.  
Word frequency was then used to help identify key words in the text. Word clouds were created to visualize these keywords based on specific criteria. A word cloud was created based on the words in the entire script with removing the filler words from the cloud (see figure 2.1). This word cloud reveals the most talked about aspects of the interview. The key words that were discussed included “vaccine”, “knowledge”, “laughing”, “health”, “men”, and “console”. To visualize the platforms that were most talked about in the interview a word cloud was created identifying the platforms that were most used (see figure 2.2). A third word cloud was created to understand the overall sentiments towards what should be included in a game for health and how individuals feel about playing a game for health (see figure 2.3). The type of platform that the game is made for, having health education be embedded into an existing game, and bringing awareness to health education were all identified.
Using the text search function for a more in-depth look at specific words from the interview, multiple word trees were made (see figures 3.1-3.5). The word tree looked at “customize” and “customizing” (figure 3.1 and figure 3.11) to make the characters in the game more personal based on appearance and skill. Participants discussed that appearance does not usually matter unless you are playing with other people and want to show off your look. The word tree on “health” (figure 3.2) looked at the knowledge of health and prevention of health issues as well as having health be a component of a game and/or used as a curriculum learning tool to educate students. Figure 3.3 displays the discussion on the knowledge of the HPV virus and vaccine, how knowledge increases awareness, and how knowledge can be added into a health-related game. The “vaccine” word tree (figure 3.4) shows the knowledge of the participants on the HPV vaccine and the preconceived notions of the vaccine. Lastly, figure 3.5 touches on the knowledge of the participants on the HPV virus and the preconceived notions of the virus.

Implications
	The results obtained can be used when creating a game, or a piece of content within an existing game, that will educate college men on the HPV virus and vaccine. The interview participants provided the researchers with information that can be used to create this game/content that will improve the knowledge and awareness of HPV for college men. They spoke on the platforms that are most used, the type of characters that are played, what education pieces would make them not want to play a health-related game, etc. The information from this will support the success of the game when it is being adopted into curriculum and/or household games. This improvement in the field of public health could reduce the number of individuals with the HPV virus in the future. 

Quality of the Data
	I am mostly satisfied with the quality of the data. I feel as though there is a large amount of data that can be analyzed to understand how to create a game, or content for a game, that includes a health-related piece. I do feel as though there are a few questions that are missing or should have been explored further. The interviewer asked the participants about anonymity but also about if they like playing games with others online. I believe these questions should have been expanded upon to better understand what parts of a health-related game they would want to play with friends and what parts they would want to play solo to have privacy/anonymity. It would be helpful to know what the participants thought about having a full solo game around health or if that would not be played as much as something with a bit of interaction. I also think that a game around HPV would touch on sexuality and sexual encounters. This was briefly asked at the end of the transcript when talking about a sexual profile, but no responses were recorded. Overall, I think the interviewer gained a lot of pertinent information but could formulate even more questions to fill in the gaps for the next round of interviews.  

Experience of Analyzing the Data
	Analyzing the data through NVivo was very difficult for me. I read articles online and watched some of the YouTube videos, but I was not sure I was coding correctly. I learned how to create codes and add sentences to the code that were relevant. I also learned how to create word clouds and word trees based off criteria that are set from the script or from a specific code. In the future, I could learn more about how to analyze in a more in-depth manner. I could learn to organize the script in NVivo by grouping the answers from each participant to the question asked. I would also like to learn to find and add more detailed codes and subcodes. During the analysis process, I would like to learn to use the mind map/concept map as it could provide a more understandable form of the results.


**See Full document for figures and codebook.
